README.en.md, before:

[Português (Brasil)](/README.md)

last update 6th June, 2020

# Open DataSUS data analysis
## COVID-19 impact over black people in Brazil

### Institution
[Faculdade de Tecnologia do Estado de São Paulo Professor Jessen Vidal](https://fatecsjc-prd.azurewebsites.net/)

### Team
- [Ariene Maiara](https://github.com/arienemaiara)
- [Mayara Ferreira](https://github.com/mayaracsferreira)

### Professor
- [Fernando Masanori](https://github.com/fmasanori)

### Requisites
- Python 3.8
- Pandas
- Jupyter Notebook

### Source
https://opendatasus.saude.gov.br/dataset/bd-srag-2020

### Installation
1. Download and install Python 3.8.x from [offical website](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. Add Python to [environment variables](https://datatofish.com/add-python-to-windows-path/)
3. Clone this repository 
```
git clone https://github.com/mayaracsferreira/analise-opendatasus-covid19.git
```
4. Enter the folder (via cmd or terminal) and install the dependencies
```
cd analise-opendatasus-covid19
```

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
5. Run Jupyter Notebook
```
jupyter notebook
```

Commit message:

Ignorar arquivos locais, link para download dos arquivos, adicionando matplotlib e xlrd e primeiro notebook

README.en.md, after:

[Português (Brasil)](/README.md)

last update 9th June, 2020

# Open DataSUS data analysis
## COVID-19 impact over black people in Brazil

### Institution
[Faculdade de Tecnologia do Estado de São Paulo Professor Jessen Vidal](https://fatecsjc-prd.azurewebsites.net/)

### Team
- [Ariene Maiara](https://github.com/arienemaiara)
- [Mayara Ferreira](https://github.com/mayaracsferreira)

### Professor
- [Fernando Masanori](https://github.com/fmasanori)

### Requisites
- Python 3.8
- Pandas
- Jupyter Notebook

### Source
https://opendatasus.saude.gov.br/dataset/bd-srag-2020

*Files reached the repository size limit and could not be uploaded. Download files [here](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/qe11sudil5daxez/AAA5AeuYAgMLDE4okCmNUSIra?dl=0)*

### Installation
1. Download and install Python 3.8.x from [offical website](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. Add Python to [environment variables](https://datatofish.com/add-python-to-windows-path/)
3. Clone this repository 
```
git clone https://github.com/mayaracsferreira/analise-opendatasus-covid19.git
```
4. Enter the folder (via cmd or terminal) and install the dependencies
```
cd analise-opendatasus-covid19
```

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
5. Run Jupyter Notebook
```
jupyter notebook
```
